					Chapter 1 Revision Note

1. Java Environment:

	a. Tools
		1. javac - Java Compiler (compile source codes (.java) 
		to bytecode (.class))
		
			eg. javac MyClass.java
			
		2. java  - Run the bytecode via the Java Virtual Mechine (JVM)
		
			eg	java MyClass
			
		3. javadoc - Generates formatted HTML documentations using tags.
		
			eg.	javadoc -d docs -keywords -author -version MyClass.java
			
		4. jar - for files packaging more like zip files.
		
			eg. jar cf JarName.jar MyClass.class audio images
			
			generates MyJarName.jar containing the MyClass.class, audio,
			images files in a compressed format.
	
	
2.	Class Structure:

	a. A class contains fields and methods.
		
		- Class Fields are the variables - define the state of a class
		- Methods - define the action (Verbs) of the class.
		
	b.	Variables:
		
		-	Variable defined with a class is called Field or Class
				variable.
		- 	Variables can be placed anywhere within the class.
		- 	Can be placed before and after the constructor or methods.
				must be within the class open and closed braces.
				
				eg.
				
				public class Demo {
					int a; 		//defined before class method			
					public void setA(int b){
					}
					int b;		//defined after class method			
				}
	
	c.	Methods:
		
		-	Where logic are implementes (Change states of variable)
		-	Define the behavior of an object.
		-	Method signature is defined by it's name and parameter type.
				
				eg.     myMethod(int)
				
	d. Main Method (main()):
	
		-	Special method that serves as an application entry point
		-	Called by the JVM
		-	Forms of the main method.
		
			a. public static void main(String []){}
			- The main method takes a String array paramters
			- The Array paramters can be used to pass paramters to your
				application.
				
			- The public and static can be swapped
				static public void main(String []args)
				
			- The String paramters can also be swapped.
				static public void main(String args[])
				
			-The array paramters can also be Viable arguments with 3 dots
				static public void main(String... args)
				static public void main(String ... args)
				static public void main(String...args)
				
				NOTE: Spaces are ignored by the compiler. But below form
				wont compile.
				static public void main(String args...)
			
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
